README.md, before:

<div id="top" align="center">

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/navsim_transparent.png" width="600">
  <h2 align="center">Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving</h1>
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.04218">Paper</a> | <a href="https://vveicao.github.io/projects/NavsimV2/Cao2025_supp.pdf">Supplementary</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-navhard"> Public Leaderboard v2 (navhard)</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2024-P/e2e-driving-navtest"> Public Leaderboard v1 (navtest)</a> </h3>
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025">Challenge Leaderboard v2 (ICCV)</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv">Warmup Leaderboard v2 (ICCV)</a> |  <a href="https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2025/#navsim-e2e-driving">Challenge Results (CVPR Phase)</a> </h3>
</p>

</div>

<br/>

> [**Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.04218)
>
> [Wei Cao](https://vveicao.github.io/)<sup>3,5</sup>, [Marcel Hallgarten](https://mh0797.github.io/)<sup>1,3,6</sup>, [Tianyu Li](https://github.com/sephyli)<sup>4</sup>, [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/)<sup>1</sup>, [Xunjiang Gu](https://alfredgu001324.github.io/)<sup>6</sup>, [Caojun Wang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=35xHlDUAAAAJ)<sup>4</sup>, [Yakov Miron](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yakov-miron-0826121b/)<sup>3</sup>,\
> [Marco Aiello](https://www.iaas.uni-stuttgart.de/en/institute/team/Aiello-00001/)<sup>5</sup>, [Hongyang Li](https://lihongyang.info/)<sup>4</sup>, [Igor Gilitschenski](https://www.gilitschenski.org/igor/)<sup>6,7</sup>, [Boris Ivanovic](https://www.borisivanovic.com/)<sup>2</sup>, [Marco Pavone](https://web.stanford.edu/~pavone/)<sup>2,8</sup>, [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/)<sup>1</sup>, and [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>  <br>
>
> <sup>1</sup>University of Tübingen, Tübingen AI Center, <sup>2</sup>NVIDIA Research, <sup>3</sup>Robert Bosch GmbH\
> <sup>4</sup>OpenDriveLab at Shanghai Innovation Institute, <sup>5</sup>University of Stuttgart, <sup>6</sup>University of Toronto, <sup>7</sup>Vector Institute, <sup>8</sup>Stanford University
>
> Conference on Robot Learning (CoRL), 2025
<br/>

The main branch contains the code for NAVSIM v2, used in the 2025 NAVSIM challenge. <b style='color:red;'>For NAVSIM v1, as well as its `navtest` leaderboard, which are also part of this repository, please check the [v1.1 branch](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.1).</b>

<br/>

> [**NAVSIM: Data-Driven Non-Reactive Autonomous Vehicle Simulation and Benchmarking**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.15349)
>
> [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>, [Marcel Hallgarten](https://mh0797.github.io/)<sup>1,5</sup>, [Tianyu Li](https://github.com/sephyli)<sup>3</sup>, [Xinshuo Weng](https://xinshuoweng.com/)<sup>4</sup>, [Zhiyu Huang](https://mczhi.github.io/)<sup>4,6</sup>, [Zetong Yang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=oPiZSVYAAAAJ)<sup>3</sup>,\
> [Hongyang Li](https://lihongyang.info/)<sup>3</sup>, [Igor Gilitschenski](https://www.gilitschenski.org/igor/)<sup>7,8</sup>, [Boris Ivanovic](https://www.borisivanovic.com/)<sup>4</sup>, [Marco Pavone](https://web.stanford.edu/~pavone/)<sup>4,9</sup>, [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/)<sup>1,2</sup>, and [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>  <br>
>
> <sup>1</sup>University of Tübingen, <sup>2</sup>Tübingen AI Center, <sup>3</sup>OpenDriveLab at Shanghai AI Lab, <sup>4</sup>NVIDIA Research\
> <sup>5</sup>Robert Bosch GmbH, <sup>6</sup>Nanyang Technological University, <sup>7</sup>University of Toronto, <sup>8</sup>Vector Institute, <sup>9</sup>Stanford University
>
> Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2024 \
> Track on Datasets and Benchmarks
<br/>


## Highlights <a name="highlight"></a>

🚀 **TL;DR:** We introduce Pseudo-Simulation, a novel AV evaluation methodology that combines the efficiency of open-loop evaluation with the robustness of closed-loop evaluation. By augmenting real data with synthetic observations near the planned trajectory, pseudo-simulation achieves strong correlation with closed-loop simulation while being much faster and easier to scale.

🤔 **Motivation:** Current AV evaluation methods face critical trade-offs: closed-loop simulation is resource-intensive and requires model access rather than just model predictions, while open-loop evaluation overlooks important factors such as error recovery and behavior deviation from the expert path. An evaluation paradigm bridging the gap is required for large-scale, rapid validation.

🏆 **Highlights:** Pseudo-simulation achieves a strong correlation with traditional, computationally expensive closed-loop simulations while requiring 6x less compute. Unlike traditional closed-loop simulation, pseudo-simulation is neither sequential nor interactive, enabling the open-loop computation of all evaluation metrics in our leaderboard. It will serve as the primary evaluation framework for the <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025">AGC2025 NAVSIM End-to-End Driving Challenge</a>.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5966e9ca-5fcb-4cad-a686-eb8ef2bf943e)

## Table of Contents

1. [Highlights](#highlight)
2. [Getting started](#gettingstarted)
3. [Changelog](#changelog)
4. [License and citation](#licenseandcitation)
5. [Other resources](#otherresources)

## Getting started <a name="gettingstarted"></a>

- [Download and installation](docs/install.md)
- [Understanding and creating agents](docs/agents.md)
- [Understanding the data format and classes](docs/cache.md)
- [Dataset splits vs. filtered training / test splits](docs/splits.md)
- [Understanding the Extended PDM Score](docs/metrics.md)
- [Understanding the traffic simulation](docs/traffic_agents.md)
- [Submitting to the Leaderboard](docs/submission.md)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Changelog <a name="changelog"></a>
- **`[2025/07/16]`** **[[ICCV] Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv)**   release 
  - This release introduces a **registration system**:  
    - After logging in with your Hugging Face account, click Register and fill in your team information  
    - The admin will review your registration request within 24 hours  
- **`[2025/04/28]`** NAVSIM v2.2 release (official devkit version for [AGC 2025](https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2025/#navsim-e2e-driving))
  - Release of `private_test_hard` dataset (see [splits](docs/splits.md)) for the [HuggingFace NAVSIM v2 End-to-End Driving Challenge 2025 Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025).
    - The submission deadline is 2025-05-11 00:00:00 UTC
    - You are limited to one upload per day on the challenge leaderboard, which should take approximately 2 hours to evaluate after a succesful submission.
  - Fixed bug in `openscene_meta_datas` for `navhard` and `warmup`
    - If you used `navhard_two_stage/openscene_meta_datas` or `warmup_two_stage/openscene_meta_datas` to evaluate your model, please re-download and use the new data.
  - ⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: Using the `test`/`navtest`/`navhard_two_stage`/`warmup_two_stage`/`private_test_two_stage` splits for training your challenge submissions is not allowed.
    - Using any other publicly available datasets or pretrained weights is allowed.
    - Furthermore, to be eligible for awards, the use of data must be described explicitly in the technical report for your submission.
- **`[2025/04/24]`** [NAVSIM v2.1.2](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1.2) release
  - Release of `navhard_two_stage` dataset (see [splits](docs/splits.md))
  - Updated Extended Predictive Driver Model Score (EPDMS) for the [Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv). See see [metrics](docs/metrics.md) for details regarding the implementation.
- **`[2025/04/13]`** [NAVSIM v2.1.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1.1) release
  - Updated dataset for the warmup leaderboard with minor fixes
- **`[2025/04/08]`** [NAVSIM v2.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1) release
  - Added new dataset for the [Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv) (see [submission](docs/submission.md))
  - Introduced support for two-stage reactive traffic agents (see [traffic simulation](docs/metrics.md))
- **`[2025/02/28]`** [NAVSIM v2.0](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.0) release
  - Extends the PDM Score with more metrics and penalties (see [metrics](docs/metrics.md))
  - Adds a new two-stage pseudo closed-loop simulation (see [metrics](docs/metrics.md))
  - Adds support for reactive traffic agent policies (see [traffic simulation](docs/metrics.md))
- **`[2024/09/03]`** [NAVSIM v1.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.1) release
  - Leaderboard for `navtest` on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2024-P/e2e-driving-navsim)
  - Release of baseline checkpoints on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/autonomousvision/navsim_baselines)
  - Updated docs for [submission](docs/submission.md) and [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.15349)
- **`[2024/04/21]`** [NAVSIM v1.0](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.0) release (official devkit version for [AGC 2024](https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2024/#end_to_end_driving_at_scale))
  - Parallelization of metric caching / evaluation
  - Adds [Transfuser](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.15997) baseline (see [agents](docs/agents.md#Baselines))
  - Adds standardized training and test filtered splits (see [splits](docs/splits.md))
  - Visualization tools (see [tutorial_visualization.ipynb](tutorial/tutorial_visualization.ipynb))
- **`[2024/04/03]`** [NAVSIM v0.4](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.4) release
  - Support for test phase frames of competition
  - Download script for trainval
  - Egostatus MLP Agent and training pipeline
- **`[2024/03/25]`** [NAVSIM v0.3](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.3) release
  - Adds code for Leaderboard submission
- **`[2024/03/11]`** [NAVSIM v0.2](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.2) release
  - Easier installation and download
  - mini and test data split integration
  - Privileged `Human` agent
- **`[2024/02/20]`** [NAVSIM v0.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.1) release (initial demo)
  - OpenScene-mini sensor blobs and annotation logs
  - Naive `ConstantVelocity` agent

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License and citation <a name="licenseandcitation"></a>

All assets and code in this repository are under the [Apache 2.0 license](./LICENSE) unless specified otherwise. The datasets (including nuPlan and OpenScene) inherit their own distribution licenses. Please consider citing our papers if they help your research.

```BibTeX
@inproceedings{Cao2025CORL, 
	author = {Wei Cao and Marcel Hallgarten and Tianyu Li and Daniel Dauner and Xunjiang Gu and Caojun Wang and Yakov Miron and Marco Aiello and Hongyang Li and Igor Gilitschenski and Boris Ivanovic and Marco Pavone and Andreas Geiger and Kashyap Chitta}, 
	title = {Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving}, 
	booktitle = {Conference on Robot Learning (CoRL)}, 
	year = {2025}, 
}
```

```BibTeX
@inproceedings{Dauner2024NEURIPS,
	title = {NAVSIM: Data-Driven Non-Reactive Autonomous Vehicle Simulation and Benchmarking},
	author = {Daniel Dauner and Marcel Hallgarten and Tianyu Li and Xinshuo Weng and Zhiyu Huang and Zetong Yang and Hongyang Li and Igor Gilitschenski and Boris Ivanovic and Marco Pavone and Andreas Geiger and Kashyap Chitta},
	booktitle = {Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS)},
	year = {2024},
}
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Other resources <a name="otherresources"></a>

- [SLEDGE](https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge) | [tuPlan garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/tuplan_garage) | [CARLA garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/carla_garage) | [Survey on E2EAD](https://github.com/OpenDriveLab/End-to-end-Autonomous-Driving)
- [PlanT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/plant) | [KING](https://github.com/autonomousvision/king) | [TransFuser](https://github.com/autonomousvision/transfuser) | [NEAT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/neat)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Fix human filter bug (Issue #151)

README.md, after:

<div id="top" align="center">

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/navsim_transparent.png" width="600">
  <h2 align="center">Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving</h1>
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.04218">Paper</a> | <a href="https://vveicao.github.io/projects/NavsimV2/Cao2025_supp.pdf">Supplementary</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-navhard"> Public Leaderboard v2 (navhard)</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2024-P/e2e-driving-navtest"> Public Leaderboard v1 (navtest)</a> </h3>
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025">Challenge Leaderboard v2 (ICCV)</a> | <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv">Warmup Leaderboard v2 (ICCV)</a> |  <a href="https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2025/#navsim-e2e-driving">Challenge Results (CVPR Phase)</a> </h3>
</p>

</div>

<br/>

> [**Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.04218)
>
> [Wei Cao](https://vveicao.github.io/)<sup>3,5</sup>, [Marcel Hallgarten](https://mh0797.github.io/)<sup>1,3,6</sup>, [Tianyu Li](https://github.com/sephyli)<sup>4</sup>, [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/)<sup>1</sup>, [Xunjiang Gu](https://alfredgu001324.github.io/)<sup>6</sup>, [Caojun Wang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=35xHlDUAAAAJ)<sup>4</sup>, [Yakov Miron](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yakov-miron-0826121b/)<sup>3</sup>,\
> [Marco Aiello](https://www.iaas.uni-stuttgart.de/en/institute/team/Aiello-00001/)<sup>5</sup>, [Hongyang Li](https://lihongyang.info/)<sup>4</sup>, [Igor Gilitschenski](https://www.gilitschenski.org/igor/)<sup>6,7</sup>, [Boris Ivanovic](https://www.borisivanovic.com/)<sup>2</sup>, [Marco Pavone](https://web.stanford.edu/~pavone/)<sup>2,8</sup>, [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/)<sup>1</sup>, and [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>  <br>
>
> <sup>1</sup>University of Tübingen, Tübingen AI Center, <sup>2</sup>NVIDIA Research, <sup>3</sup>Robert Bosch GmbH\
> <sup>4</sup>OpenDriveLab at Shanghai Innovation Institute, <sup>5</sup>University of Stuttgart, <sup>6</sup>University of Toronto, <sup>7</sup>Vector Institute, <sup>8</sup>Stanford University
>
> Conference on Robot Learning (CoRL), 2025
<br/>

The main branch contains the code for NAVSIM v2, used in the 2025 NAVSIM challenge. <b style='color:red;'>For NAVSIM v1, as well as its `navtest` leaderboard, which are also part of this repository, please check the [v1.1 branch](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.1).</b>

<br/>

> [**NAVSIM: Data-Driven Non-Reactive Autonomous Vehicle Simulation and Benchmarking**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.15349)
>
> [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>, [Marcel Hallgarten](https://mh0797.github.io/)<sup>1,5</sup>, [Tianyu Li](https://github.com/sephyli)<sup>3</sup>, [Xinshuo Weng](https://xinshuoweng.com/)<sup>4</sup>, [Zhiyu Huang](https://mczhi.github.io/)<sup>4,6</sup>, [Zetong Yang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=oPiZSVYAAAAJ)<sup>3</sup>,\
> [Hongyang Li](https://lihongyang.info/)<sup>3</sup>, [Igor Gilitschenski](https://www.gilitschenski.org/igor/)<sup>7,8</sup>, [Boris Ivanovic](https://www.borisivanovic.com/)<sup>4</sup>, [Marco Pavone](https://web.stanford.edu/~pavone/)<sup>4,9</sup>, [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/)<sup>1,2</sup>, and [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/)<sup>1,2</sup>  <br>
>
> <sup>1</sup>University of Tübingen, <sup>2</sup>Tübingen AI Center, <sup>3</sup>OpenDriveLab at Shanghai AI Lab, <sup>4</sup>NVIDIA Research\
> <sup>5</sup>Robert Bosch GmbH, <sup>6</sup>Nanyang Technological University, <sup>7</sup>University of Toronto, <sup>8</sup>Vector Institute, <sup>9</sup>Stanford University
>
> Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2024 \
> Track on Datasets and Benchmarks
<br/>


## Highlights <a name="highlight"></a>

🚀 **TL;DR:** We introduce Pseudo-Simulation, a novel AV evaluation methodology that combines the efficiency of open-loop evaluation with the robustness of closed-loop evaluation. By augmenting real data with synthetic observations near the planned trajectory, pseudo-simulation achieves strong correlation with closed-loop simulation while being much faster and easier to scale.

🤔 **Motivation:** Current AV evaluation methods face critical trade-offs: closed-loop simulation is resource-intensive and requires model access rather than just model predictions, while open-loop evaluation overlooks important factors such as error recovery and behavior deviation from the expert path. An evaluation paradigm bridging the gap is required for large-scale, rapid validation.

🏆 **Highlights:** Pseudo-simulation achieves a strong correlation with traditional, computationally expensive closed-loop simulations while requiring 6x less compute. Unlike traditional closed-loop simulation, pseudo-simulation is neither sequential nor interactive, enabling the open-loop computation of all evaluation metrics in our leaderboard. It will serve as the primary evaluation framework for the <a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025">AGC2025 NAVSIM End-to-End Driving Challenge</a>.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5966e9ca-5fcb-4cad-a686-eb8ef2bf943e)

## Table of Contents

1. [Highlights](#highlight)
2. [Getting started](#gettingstarted)
3. [Changelog](#changelog)
4. [License and citation](#licenseandcitation)
5. [Other resources](#otherresources)

## Getting started <a name="gettingstarted"></a>

- [Download and installation](docs/install.md)
- [Understanding and creating agents](docs/agents.md)
- [Understanding the data format and classes](docs/cache.md)
- [Dataset splits vs. filtered training / test splits](docs/splits.md)
- [Understanding the Extended PDM Score](docs/metrics.md)
- [Understanding the traffic simulation](docs/traffic_agents.md)
- [Submitting to the Leaderboard](docs/submission.md)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Changelog <a name="changelog"></a>
- **`[2025/09/29]`** Bug fix
  - Fixed a bug in metric filtering where `"multiplicative_metrics_prod"` and `"weighted_metrics"` were not correctly excluded by the human filter (see [Issue #151](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/issues/151#issue-3379282167)).

- **`[2025/07/16]`** **[[ICCV] Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv)**   release 
  - This release introduces a **registration system**:  
    - After logging in with your Hugging Face account, click Register and fill in your team information  
    - The admin will review your registration request within 24 hours  
- **`[2025/04/28]`** NAVSIM v2.2 release (official devkit version for [AGC 2025](https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2025/#navsim-e2e-driving))
  - Release of `private_test_hard` dataset (see [splits](docs/splits.md)) for the [HuggingFace NAVSIM v2 End-to-End Driving Challenge 2025 Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-2025).
    - The submission deadline is 2025-05-11 00:00:00 UTC
    - You are limited to one upload per day on the challenge leaderboard, which should take approximately 2 hours to evaluate after a succesful submission.
  - Fixed bug in `openscene_meta_datas` for `navhard` and `warmup`
    - If you used `navhard_two_stage/openscene_meta_datas` or `warmup_two_stage/openscene_meta_datas` to evaluate your model, please re-download and use the new data.
  - ⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: Using the `test`/`navtest`/`navhard_two_stage`/`warmup_two_stage`/`private_test_two_stage` splits for training your challenge submissions is not allowed.
    - Using any other publicly available datasets or pretrained weights is allowed.
    - Furthermore, to be eligible for awards, the use of data must be described explicitly in the technical report for your submission.
- **`[2025/04/24]`** [NAVSIM v2.1.2](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1.2) release
  - Release of `navhard_two_stage` dataset (see [splits](docs/splits.md))
  - Updated Extended Predictive Driver Model Score (EPDMS) for the [Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv). See see [metrics](docs/metrics.md) for details regarding the implementation.
- **`[2025/04/13]`** [NAVSIM v2.1.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1.1) release
  - Updated dataset for the warmup leaderboard with minor fixes
- **`[2025/04/08]`** [NAVSIM v2.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.1) release
  - Added new dataset for the [Hugging Face Warmup leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2025/e2e-driving-warmup-iccv) (see [submission](docs/submission.md))
  - Introduced support for two-stage reactive traffic agents (see [traffic simulation](docs/metrics.md))
- **`[2025/02/28]`** [NAVSIM v2.0](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v2.0) release
  - Extends the PDM Score with more metrics and penalties (see [metrics](docs/metrics.md))
  - Adds a new two-stage pseudo closed-loop simulation (see [metrics](docs/metrics.md))
  - Adds support for reactive traffic agent policies (see [traffic simulation](docs/metrics.md))
- **`[2024/09/03]`** [NAVSIM v1.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.1) release
  - Leaderboard for `navtest` on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AGC2024-P/e2e-driving-navsim)
  - Release of baseline checkpoints on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/autonomousvision/navsim_baselines)
  - Updated docs for [submission](docs/submission.md) and [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.15349)
- **`[2024/04/21]`** [NAVSIM v1.0](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v1.0) release (official devkit version for [AGC 2024](https://opendrivelab.com/challenge2024/#end_to_end_driving_at_scale))
  - Parallelization of metric caching / evaluation
  - Adds [Transfuser](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.15997) baseline (see [agents](docs/agents.md#Baselines))
  - Adds standardized training and test filtered splits (see [splits](docs/splits.md))
  - Visualization tools (see [tutorial_visualization.ipynb](tutorial/tutorial_visualization.ipynb))
- **`[2024/04/03]`** [NAVSIM v0.4](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.4) release
  - Support for test phase frames of competition
  - Download script for trainval
  - Egostatus MLP Agent and training pipeline
- **`[2024/03/25]`** [NAVSIM v0.3](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.3) release
  - Adds code for Leaderboard submission
- **`[2024/03/11]`** [NAVSIM v0.2](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.2) release
  - Easier installation and download
  - mini and test data split integration
  - Privileged `Human` agent
- **`[2024/02/20]`** [NAVSIM v0.1](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim/tree/v0.1) release (initial demo)
  - OpenScene-mini sensor blobs and annotation logs
  - Naive `ConstantVelocity` agent

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License and citation <a name="licenseandcitation"></a>

All assets and code in this repository are under the [Apache 2.0 license](./LICENSE) unless specified otherwise. The datasets (including nuPlan and OpenScene) inherit their own distribution licenses. Please consider citing our papers if they help your research.

```BibTeX
@inproceedings{Cao2025CORL, 
	author = {Wei Cao and Marcel Hallgarten and Tianyu Li and Daniel Dauner and Xunjiang Gu and Caojun Wang and Yakov Miron and Marco Aiello and Hongyang Li and Igor Gilitschenski and Boris Ivanovic and Marco Pavone and Andreas Geiger and Kashyap Chitta}, 
	title = {Pseudo-Simulation for Autonomous Driving}, 
	booktitle = {Conference on Robot Learning (CoRL)}, 
	year = {2025}, 
}
```

```BibTeX
@inproceedings{Dauner2024NEURIPS,
	title = {NAVSIM: Data-Driven Non-Reactive Autonomous Vehicle Simulation and Benchmarking},
	author = {Daniel Dauner and Marcel Hallgarten and Tianyu Li and Xinshuo Weng and Zhiyu Huang and Zetong Yang and Hongyang Li and Igor Gilitschenski and Boris Ivanovic and Marco Pavone and Andreas Geiger and Kashyap Chitta},
	booktitle = {Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS)},
	year = {2024},
}
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Other resources <a name="otherresources"></a>

- [SLEDGE](https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge) | [tuPlan garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/tuplan_garage) | [CARLA garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/carla_garage) | [Survey on E2EAD](https://github.com/OpenDriveLab/End-to-end-Autonomous-Driving)
- [PlanT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/plant) | [KING](https://github.com/autonomousvision/king) | [TransFuser](https://github.com/autonomousvision/transfuser) | [NEAT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/neat)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
